docs: add info about getting config in loaders (#2147)
vuejs/vitepress: docs/guide/data-loading.md

  }
})
```

## Configuration

> To get the configuration information inside a loader, use the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the configuration information inside a loader, you can use some code like this:
```

```ts
import type { SiteConfig } from 'vitepress'

> const config: SiteConfig = (global as any).VITEPRESS_CONFIG

Reviewer: ```suggestion

const config: SiteConfig = (globalThis as any).VITEPRESS_CONFIG
```
